{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red78\green78\blue78;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28500\viewh17700\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Remind Me - alpha version - Readme.txt
\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Remind Me is a simple to use app which allows user to set reminders related to other users\'92s location or landmark\'92s location. It reminds you of stuff when the user is in a specified range of distance of other user or landmark. Also reminds you of any action/tasks based on following events - when you are about to leave your home and when you enter your home.\
\

\b Key Features:-
\b0 \
+In this app you can register as a user with your phone number. This is only a one time registration.\
+You can create both, landmark based reminders and user based reminders.\
	Landmark Based Reminders: You can tag a location and you will be reminded when you\'92re in a 200 metres range. \
		In these reminders, you can also create reminders for different types of event like: Reached, Leaving, NearBy. In the alpha version notifications for the nearby event is provided.\
	User Based Reminders: You can also tag other users who are using this app and you will get notified when you\'92re in a 200 meters range.\
\
+You can also pin a location in the landmark based reminders on a map and search any location on the map.\
+You can view reminders on the home screen. \
+If you are tagged in a notification by another user then also you get to see that reminder on the home screen.\
+You can also dismiss the notifications.\
+You can view all the friends that are using the app in the contacts page.\
+Validations on the inputs are also applied.\
\

\b Future Works:-
\b0 \
+We will be working on landmark based notification options i.e. Reached and Leaving\
+Switching the upcoming reminders to active reminders.\
+Edit any existing reminder.\
\

\b Instruction:- \

\b0 + pod install (in the project directory)\
+ create reminders within 2 min from current time else it will be considered as upcoming reminders.\
+ you can test the custom locations in your app by going in the simulator, select debug, click locations, select custom. You can enter any latitude and longitude of any location.}